Docs: Update Autocompletion section (#151)
python-poetry/cleo: docs/introduction.rst

Cleo supports automatic (tab) completion in ``bash``, ``zsh`` and ``fish``.

> To activate support for autocompletion, pass a ``complete`` keyword when
> initializing your application:
> 
> .. code-block:: python
> 
>     application = Application("My Application", "0.1", complete=True)
> 
> Now, register completion for your application by running one of the
> following in a terminal, replacing ``[program]`` with the command you use
> to run your application:

Reviewer: This bit is actually outdated, do you mind updating it here + in the readme?

```suggestion
By default, your application will have a ``completions`` command. To register these completions for your application, run one of the following in a terminal (replacing ``[program]`` with the command you use to run your application):
```
